Of course I now have my own standards of good and evil, and I do not behave worse than others. I believe that low intelligence, bigotry, and intellectual poverty are the greatest evils. By this standard, when others say I am the kindest, that is when I am the most evil; when others say I am the most evil, that is when I am the kindest. Naturally, I do not wish to recommend this standard to others, but I believe that intelligent, philosophical, and knowledgeable people are more trustworthy than those of other kinds. Based on this belief, I think our country lost many opportunities after the “dismissing of the hundred schools and exclusive veneration of Confucianism.”

“Little Shuan, come in!” Mrs. Hua called Little Shuan into the inner room, placed a stool in the middle, and Little Shuan sat down. His mother brought over a plate of dark, round things, and softly said:

There is another piece, sent out today, but the two sections were combined under one title: “Five Minutes and Half a Year.” How very fine that is.

But many scenes quickly passed. I still sat in this lonely room. On the table lay a letter from my father. On the letter paper there seemed to appear his aged, haggard face.

19th
Rain. In the morning went to lecture at the Higher Normal School. Strong wind in the afternoon. Went to lecture at the University. Received salary from the University for the second half of April and all of May, totaling twenty-seven yuan. In the afternoon received a letter from Sun Fuyuan, replied immediately. Hesen came to visit, but we did not meet.

“I only have this one life,” Mei said coldly, though her voice was actually quite desolate. She hurriedly covered her face with her hand. Her thoughts gradually blurred, and before her eyes was a vast expanse of white water, rolling continuously, continuously, truly boundless.

Sacred rain sprinkles the palace altar.
Fragrant trees cluster round the shrine on the old mountain.
Divine crows fly near the azure clouds and return.
Embroidered banners and pearl ornaments rustle.
The jade se is played at dusk—the tune of the Xiang River.
Fairy attendants in misty silk are like jade.
Fragrant wine is quietly poured, orchid-green liquor.
Frosted oranges of Dongting are first ripe.

Juexin saw the doctor off and went back inside. When he reached beneath the window of his own room, he happened to meet Juemin turning out from the corridor. Seeing Juemin, he asked anxiously, “Has there been any change?”

The old man said again, this wasn’t something I made up to kiss anyone’s ass: that lady entered the Bureau of Music, but she couldn’t sing, so they told her to learn dancing. The person who came up with this idea must have had an extraordinary sense of humor. In the dead of winter, she danced alone in the costume for the “Rainbow Skirt and Feathered Coat” dance in the empty square before the gate of the Bureau of Music. The spectacle was truly a sight to behold. Through her transparent clothes you could see the pair of tits on her chest, black and thick and sagging, swinging back and forth like a pair of ox tongues. Everyone rushed from beyond the nine city districts to watch the fun; unfortunately, the fun didn’t last long. It turned out that if she couldn’t dance well they wouldn’t give her food, and on top of that she got beatings; before long she died stiff as a board.

Suxi extended a limp hand, waved it once, and stopped them; for a long while, she then struggled to force out a sentence: “I want to go home!” Mohendra pressed, “What is your home telephone number? Shall I call and ask someone to pick you up?” Suxi shook her head and wiped her tears: “Just now I was planning to go back. I intended to go down the mountain to make a call, or get a car. Then I thought: no, I can’t… my mother… because of me… she’s been exhausted these past days… now that she’s finally finished being busy, how could I not let her rest for one night? … My poor mother, how shall I tell her?” One student, quick-tongued, cut in and asked, “Mr. Amberton, he…” Suxi cried sharply, “Don’t mention his name!” A liberal arts student wearing tortoiseshell-rimmed glasses sighed coldly, “The more morally upright a person looks, the more dissolute his private life. I always felt Amberton was too proper; I was afraid he might develop a perverse psychology.” Several younger boys clamored with questions, but were chased out by the older ones, who said they weren’t qualified to hear of such matters. A soccer star stood with hands on his hips, his chest bursting with righteous indignation: “Mrs. Amberton, we’ll accompany you to see the principal, and make sure he can’t get a foothold in Hong Kong!” Everyone clamored, “This kind of person—is he fit to be our professor, is he fit to be our dorm supervisor!” They all urged Suxi to go find the principal immediately. But that liberal arts student was thoughtful, and said, “It’s the middle of the night; if we wake the old man up, even if he refrains from losing his temper out of deference to a lady, he certainly won’t be very eager to help. I think we should wait a few more hours. Mrs. Amberton can rest in this room, and Mohendra can go sleep in my room.” The sports champion frowned and whispered to him, “Leaving her alone here isn’t very appropriate; look at her state, she’s been deeply shocked. We can’t give her a chance to take her own life.”