Outside the open window of the riverside stilt house, snowflakes grew thick and dense, as if brushes dipped in white paste were brushing incessantly. The outside of the black cloak grew colder and colder, the cold air piercing my facial nerves like an awl. But inside that cloak, in this black-and-white space, it was warm as spring. She no longer exuded the fragrance of new rice, but was suffused with the scent of milan. Milan is a flower whose fragrance is sweet to the point of bitterness. In my view, a black-and-white space, a sharp temperature difference between hot and cold, plus a flower that is sweet to the point of bitterness, is called “sex.” I refused to let her disappear again, so I gripped her wrist tightly… Thereupon, she straightened her body, thrust her white shoulders outside the cloak, and licked her lips. Anyway, the second time passed as naturally as flowing water. Afterward, she knelt up astride me, turned around; then she leaned against me, I leaned against the wall, and we sat like that. I don’t understand why simply sitting like that gave me such immense satisfaction.

The patient responded with a sound and then fell silent. But I began to think: he’s only under spinal anesthesia and it’s this agonizing. When I have surgery in the future, I’ll need general anesthesia. How could anyone endure that! The thought made me a little frightened. I turned my face away, not daring to look at him again. I forced my eyes shut, trying to sleep a little.

Braving the arrows of torrential rain, we were herded into the windmill—the tallest building in town, now turned into a temporary prison. Looking back now, we had plenty of chances to escape. The driving rain quickly extinguished the torches in the hands of the 17th Regiment’s civilian conscript team. The soldiers of the 17th Regiment were likewise lashed by icy rain to the point of being unable to open their eyes, stumbling and faltering, unable to fend for themselves. At the front of the column, only two yellow flashlight beams provided guidance. Yet no one tried to escape. Captors and captives were equally wretched. When we drew near the tattered gate of the windmill, the soldiers of the 17th Regiment rushed in even more eagerly than we did.

Second day
Overcast. In the morning received four copies of Thousand Tile Pavilion Ancient Brick Illustrations and Explanations sent by second younger brother, posted on the 27th. Afternoon: clear. In the afternoon went to Guanyin Temple Street to buy one pair of shoes, one yuan and six jiao; one box of biscuits, one yuan and four jiao. Bath.

No one knew what he thought. No one had ever even thought: a fool could think too, could also be the longing of the waters of life and the wave of anticipation.

“Literary Men” as Censors
Members of the Book and Magazine Review Committee of the Central Propaganda Committee of the Kuomintang: Xiang Deyan (General Secretary of the Arts Section of the Central Propaganda Committee), Zhu Zishuang, Zhang Zeng, Zhan Tianpeng, Liu Minge, Chen Wenxu, Wang Xiude.

The embankment was also damp. Uncle Jiu laid down a rain cape for me to sit on. He was naked, his flesh gleaming silver. I thought he looked very imposing, so I told him he looked imposing. He stood up proudly, stretching his arms and kicking his legs, like a big, silly child.

I tramped hard on the octagonal cement block road. Deafening hoofbeats, distant hoofbeats seemed to rise from underground. On the damp grassland plants grew in abundance. On the road not far off, cars of various colors formed a long, segmented dragon. I could not hear their sound. I listened to the hoofbeats rushing toward the song of the thrush.

If anyone took our only daughter away now and stuffed her belly full of rich food, my wife would fight him to the death. But the little girl’s mother, that mad woman, knelt down to us. She came running from the village toward the barracks, shrieking. She had heard from the child who ran back that her daughter had been taken by the PLA. Calling out “Xiuxiu! Xiuxiu! My Xiuxiu!” she burst into our compound, crashed into our banquet. The woman froze, her eyes wide and round, her lips quivering. Looking at the farm chief who was holding her daughter, she thumped to her knees: “Liberation Army, please, be kind, give me back my child. The child doesn’t understand anything, she’s a fool, like her father, like her father, a fool…” Her nerves truly seemed to be disordered; the terror and despair flashing in those eyes made one’s spine run cold.

There’s no need to even mention Teapot Lid’s eyes and nose; that mouthful of teeth alone was enough. Her teeth, white with a hint of blue-green, each one distinct, like porcelain and like jade, sparkled as soon as she opened her mouth, as if she held pearls inside. The first time we saw her, our eyes lit up, and it was all because of her teeth. Her teeth were an important part of her bright, radiant smile. Decades later, when people in our village mentioned her, the first thing they would say was: That girl was born with a fine set of teeth!

Wen Shu was furious beside her; even as she ate the dishes, she couldn’t taste anything. She kept saying, “Outrageous! Outrageous! He’s already gone mad, and they still bully him!”

Romain Rolland
See note [4] on page 430 of this volume. The words quoted here are the inscription he wrote on July 8, 1927, printed in the front of the Käthe Kollwitz album; the original text is in French.