Yang Family Daughter
She should have been a daughter of a respectable family. According to the story of the Mulian opera: when she was young, her parents died, and her aunt took her to the Yang family to be a child bride; later she was sold by her mother-in-law into a brothel, and finally hanged herself. In the Mulian opera, her lyrics are: “I was originally a daughter of a respectable family, sold into a brothel; in life I could not endure Old Woman Wang’s abuse, forced to my death in a brothel. Ah, oh, how bitter, heavens! Forced to my death in a brothel.”

There was also a man with such a face who, many times, criticized me for having a corpse-like odor on my body; he said that even between my teeth seeped the smell of a corpse. Without doubt, his praise made my heart intoxicated. You may not know that women crave praise more than men do. Women are also more compassionate than men. Since he is infatuated with my fragrance, why should I be stingy? You probably don’t know that a woman’s true scent is only released when embraced and kneaded by a man, just as fine wine must be swirled to overflow with its aroma, just as flowers must be crushed to extract their essence. Don’t nitpick that my words are incoherent—even a national president becomes tongue-tied discussing such matters, and I am merely an ordinary woman with only a middle-school education. When he embraced me tightly, my heart was sneering. When his lower body burned hot, I too burned hot, but my heart was still sneering. Tu Xiaoying’s weeping could not overcome the scent of my hair. Tu Xiaoying seemed to sense something; her crying suddenly grew louder, as if a hole had been bored through the wall, creating a channel for sound to pass unimpeded. The mouth sucking my tongue suddenly went slack, his arms went dead too, and his temperature began to drop. I heard the crying turn into triumphant sneering. She stood before me, behind him, thrusting out her Russian cow-like breasts, flaunting her flaxen fake foreign hair to provoke me. I thought, I must not retreat. The one I am embracing is my husband! His face is my husband’s face! She shamelessly said: His body is my husband’s body; she recited his features to me as if counting her own treasured possessions. She began to pull him, tug him; he continued to cool, continuing to cool. I roared at her: Go to the school leaders! Even elementary school students know your husband is dead! His corpse has already been cut into pieces by the medical students with their scalpels! No one in the school knows there is a black mole on his genitals. Do you dare go find the principal? She stopped crying. She pitifully trembled, those two Russian-style breasts sagging heavily, weighing down her waist. Don’t ask me why I am so vicious; there is no tenderness between woman and woman. Homosexuality? I don’t know the psychological state of homosexuality. Don’t blame me. I caressed him, and again felt pity for her, dressed in black, a respected widow, departing with an unavenged grievance. I understand women’s pain better than men do. He went wild again, his temperature continuously rising, and the higher his temperature rose, the more I felt that Tu Xiaoying, lying face-down on the bedboard, biting the sheet, forcibly swallowing her sobs, deserved sympathy, as if I had stolen her man. I won’t lie, that’s what I was thinking at the time, even though I returned his madness with madness, even though I returned his heat with his heat…

Chirikov
(Ye.N. Chirikov, 1864–1932) Russian writer. Moved to Paris in 1917, later died in Prague, Czechoslovakia. Author of the autobiographical novel *The Life of Tarhanov*, the play *The Peasants*, and others.

The Twentieth
Clear. Sunday rest. Before noon Li Shenzhai came; went together to Xisan Tiao to look at tiles and lumber, and paid tile worker Li one hundred coppers. After noon Zipei came, not met. Afternoon Maruyama came. Evening haircut.

Finally, over twenty dogs rushed out from three dog runs. Father and the others fired a few shots; these dogs ran back, setting off several grenades.

Another important matter was the destruction of books related to him. His writings were truly too numerous: those designated for “destruction” included eighty-six kinds of books and seven kinds of stone carvings, all his own works; those designated for “removal and destruction” included six kinds of books, all ancient books containing his prefaces and postscripts. Although the *Complete Collection of Elementary Learning* was merely a “compilation,” it was nevertheless listed for “destruction.”
[122]

But I felt disappointed, felt as if we had grown distant. We were no longer Princess Katya and Netochka now, nor were we Petya and Pavlik. Old Wang, what are you making eyes for! We wanted to be close now, but involuntarily couldn’t get close. Many things couldn’t be said, many things didn’t dare to be said. I could no longer say to her: Yaoyao, it would be best if you turned into a boy. She didn’t dare say either: My family has no boys, I’ll tell my father to take you in as my younger brother. These words seem embarrassing to think about, like stupid things said in childhood, things one is even afraid to recall. But remembering how intimate we were then, it’s hard to let go. I even had a very unmanly thought. Right, Yaoyao was right—it would be better if we never grew up!