I certainly have my own standards of good and evil now, and I do not behave worse than anyone else. I believe that low intelligence, bigotry, and intellectual poverty are the greatest evils. By this standard, when others say I am most kind, that is when I am most evil; when others say I am most evil, that is when I am most kind. Of course, I do not wish to recommend this standard to others, but I believe that intelligent, philosophical, and knowledgeable people are more trustworthy than others. Based on this belief, I think our country lost many opportunities after "dismissing the hundred schools and respecting only Confucianism."

"Come in, Little Shuan!" Old Mrs. Hua called Little Shuan into the inner room, placed a stool in the middle, and Little Shuan sat down. His mother brought over a dish of small, black, round things, and said softly:

There is another piece, which was sent out today, but I combined two sections under one title: "Five Minutes and Half a Year." How splendid that is.

But many scenes passed quickly. I still sit in this lonely room. On the desk lies a letter from my father. On the letter paper, his aged and haggard face seems to appear.

19th. Rain. In the morning, went to lecture at the Higher Normal School. In the afternoon, strong wind. Went to lecture at the University. Received salary for the second half of April and the whole of May from the University, totaling 27 yuan. In the afternoon, received a letter from Sun Fuyuan, replied immediately. Hesen visited, but we missed each other.

"I only have this life," Mei said coldly, though her voice was actually very mournful. She quickly covered her face with her hands; her thoughts gradually blurred, and before her eyes was a vast expanse of white water, rolling continuously, endlessly, truly boundless.

Sacred rain sprinkles the palace altars. Fragrant trees cluster by the shrine on the old mountain. Sacred crows fly near and return to the blue clouds. Embroidered banners and pearl pendants tinkle. At dusk, a jade zither plays the tune of the Xiang River. Fairy attendants in misty silk are fair as jade. Sweet wine is secretly poured into the orchid-tinted ripples. The frosted oranges of Dongting are newly ripe.

Juexin saw the doctor out and went back inside. He walked under the window of his own room and happened to meet Juemin coming out from the corridor. Seeing Juemin, he asked with concern, "Has there been any change?"

The old man also said, I didn't make this up to flatter anyone: when that lady entered the Imperial Music Bureau, she couldn't sing, so they made her learn to dance. The person who came up with this idea must have had a remarkable sense of humor. In the dead of winter, she wore the costume for the Dance of the Rainbow Skirt and Feathered Dress, dancing solo in the open space in front of the Imperial Music Bureau; the sight was truly spectacular. Through the transparent clothing, you could see her breasts—dark, thick, and sagging, swinging back and forth like a pair of cow tongues. People came from all over the city to watch the spectacle, but unfortunately, it didn't last long. It turned out that if she didn't dance well, they wouldn't give her any food, and coupled with the beatings, it wasn't long before she died stiff as a board.

Suxi extended a limp hand, waved it once, and stopped them; after a long while, she squeezed out a sentence: "I want to go home!" Mohindra pursued the question: "What is your home phone number? Do you want me to call someone to pick you up?" Suxi shook her head, wiped her tears, and said, "Just now I planned to go back. I was going to go down the hill to make a phone call or call a car. But then I thought: no, I can't... my mother... for my sake... has been exhausted these past few days... now that things have finally settled down, shouldn't I let her rest for a night?... My poor mother, how am I going to tell her?" A quick-tongued student chimed in and asked, "Mr. Amberton, he..." Suxi shrieked, "Don't mention his name!" An arts student wearing tortoiseshell-framed glasses sighed coldly and said, "The more sanctimonious a person is, the more dissolute their private life. I've long felt that this Amberton was too proper; I was afraid he might develop a perverse psychology." A few younger boys were asking questions in a flurry of voices, but were driven out by the older ones, who said they weren't qualified to be privy to such matters. A football star stood with arms akimbo, filled with righteous indignation, and said, "Mrs. Amberton, we'll go with you to see the principal, and make sure he can't stay in Hong Kong!" Everyone clamored, "A man like this doesn't deserve to be our professor, nor our dormitory warden!" They all egged Suxi on, wanting to go find the principal immediately. It was still the arts student who was more thoughtful, saying, "In the middle of the night, if we wake the old man up, even if he is restrained by the presence of a lady and is too embarrassed to lose his temper, he definitely won't be very eager to help. I think we should wait a few more hours. Mrs. Amberton can rest in this room, and Mohindra can go sleep in my room." The sports star frowned and whispered in his ear, "Leaving her here alone isn't very appropriate; look at her, she's deeply traumatized. We can't give her a chance to commit suicide."