Qin still came to the Gao house often. In fact, she came even more frequently now, almost every other day. However, she usually went home as soon as it got dark; if Mrs. Zhang also came to the Gao house to play cards, she could wait until the second watch to return with her mother. Qin spent more time with Shuying. But they also had time to play with Shuhua, Shuzhen, and the others. Sometimes these sisters would even arrange to bring Yun over to row boats and have picnics in the garden. Whenever Yun came, she added even more laughter to this group of girls. Yun learned to row from Shuhua and borrowed translated novels from Shuying. She often smiled innocently, and her smile even drew a smile to Shuzhen's lips. Qin guided and cared for them secretly, like an older sister. Qin tried her best to maintain an atmosphere of peace and joy among them. But when they talked about Hui, even Qin would fall into a melancholy silence. At such times, Yun would hide her dimples, frown tightly, and pout angrily. At such times, Shuying's clear eyes would once again be overshadowed by gloom. They could only express a little sympathy and indignation at Hui's fate, but they could not alleviate her suffering in the slightest. Whenever Hui was mentioned, Qin and the Shu sisters longed to see her; especially after learning that she had recently recovered from an illness, they hoped she could be with them, talking, laughing, and playing as before. It was not an easy task to invite Hui to the Gao house. Hui had personally told Juexin that she could not make her own decisions. However, the hearts of the young are often unafraid of difficulties. They tried every possible method and asked Mrs. Zhou and Juexin for help, and finally managed to invite Hui over. How excited and overjoyed these girls were the day before, when Juexin broke the good news to them in advance!

The weather has warmed up recently, making it just about suitable for writing. Taking stock of Song dynasty notebooks, there are still over twenty types of *cihua* that have not been copied out, and even more un-copied anecdotes on bronze and stone inscriptions; I must make a concerted effort to complete them this year. The poems written before Liberation should also be polished this year and compiled into a final edition. I am now in my sixtieth year, and this matter cannot be delayed. (1963.2.23, p. 49)

Zhou Bapi assumed a commanding posture and lectured the farmhands. He said: I, Zhou Bapi, have no hobbies in my life, except that I like to watch others bend their backs working for me. As for what kind of work to do, and to what extent it is considered well done, you all have eyes, so just figure it out yourselves. You might ask, when to start work and when to finish work; this actually puts me in a rather difficult position. If I were to give each of you an Omega watch, it would be better if I just went down to the fields and worked myself. Listen up, you can finish work as soon as it gets dark. By dark, I don't mean when the sun sets, but when you stand together and can't see each other's faces clearly, then you can finish work and go home. So what about starting work? Your little minds might think, since finishing work is when it gets dark, starting work must be when it gets light, right? You are wrong; I, Zhou Bapi, am not that stupid. In winter, it gets light late, and in summer, it gets light early. If it's cloudy or rainy, even at six or seven in the morning, the sky is still as dark as the bottom of a pot. I am telling you the truth, you don't need to care whether it's light or dark; as long as you hear the roosters crowing in the village, you can get up and go to the fields... Having said this, Zhou Bapi's silhouette flashed, and he went back inside to sleep.

In the early Qing dynasty, Huang Yuxi compiled the books of the Ming dynasty into the *Qianqingtang Shumu* [Qianqing Studio Bibliography]. In its volume 32, under the Ci and Qu category of the Collection section, there is the *Yuefu Huncheng Ji* in 105 volumes, which must be the one recorded by Zhou Mi and seen by Wang Jide. The 105 volumes also match Zhou Mi's statement of "over a hundred massive volumes," which shows that the printed edition of this book still existed in its entirety during the Ming dynasty. Both Wang and Huang called it *Huncheng Ji*; the printed edition must have been titled this way. Therefore, the version written as "Huncheng" [混成] is suspected to be a slip of the pen by Zhou Mi. The proper title of the entire book should be *Yuefu Huncheng Ji* [浑成集], with an alternative title *Yuefu Daquan*; "Huncheng" carries the meaning of "Daquan" [comprehensive collection]. This book is not found in Qing dynasty bibliographic records, nor has anyone ever cited it; it probably perished during the Ming-Qing transition.