Later, they switched to torches. It was already dawn, and on the mist-shrouded river, the milky white gleam of the water could be seen. The dozen or so horses, mules, donkeys, and oxen brought over at midnight were huddled together, crunching on sorghum stalks and rustling through the sorghum ears.

As the woman reached this point, she revealed an uncontrollable agitation. Lin Zhanxin saw her lips tremble awkwardly a few times; her unfinished words were like a trapped beast locked behind her teeth, on the verge of escaping her lips.

The woman left, and Yang Liujiu watched her all the way until she reached the riverbank. As the wind blew, her clothes fluttered around her like butterfly wings. Old Liu let out another bizarre laugh. Not daring to meet his sinister gaze, Yang Liujiu crouched down to pick the yellow leaves off the spinach. After picking just one plant, he jumped out of the shack and blew his whistle. At the sound of the whistle, the road workers straightened up, stunned. He shouted again: "Half an hour break—half an hour break!" Hearing his shout, the road workers set down their shovels. Those who needed to pee peed right where they stood, those who smoked crouched down to smoke, and those who didn't smoke lay down on the spot, letting the sunlight shine into their nostrils.

Twenty-fourth. Clear. In the morning, Ji Shi came. Lu Yan came. At noon, Fuyuan and Chuntai came. In the afternoon, Changhong came. Youlin came. At night, sent a letter to Ren Ziqing. Sent a letter to Tai Jingnong. Received a letter from my third brother, sent on the twenty-first.

"Capturing the enemy's position, or having one's own position captured by the enemy," Zhong Yuelou pondered for a moment, then added, "Of course, there are other things as well, such as wine..."

These should first be struck into the water, and then beaten further; if they fall into the water of their own accord, it is actually perfectly fine to beat them further still. But if one is overly bent on being benevolent, naturally one may refrain from beating them, though there is no need to sigh over them either. If lapdogs can be tolerated, then there is hardly any need to beat other dogs, because although they are exceedingly snobbish, they still somewhat resemble wolves and possess a wild nature, and would never be so fence-sitting.

"That's easy enough, there will be more at the market later. Northeast Township is short of everything, but it's never short of wild rabbits. If there really aren't any for sale, just get Li Buming from the supply and marketing cooperative to shoot a few. That guy is an absolute sharpshooter; he tucks the gun under his armpit to fire and never even aims."

The Chinese temperament always favors compromise and moderation. For instance, if you say this room is too dark and a window must be opened here, they will certainly not allow it. But if you advocate tearing off the roof, they will come to compromise and be willing to open a window. Without more radical proposals, they will not even consent to mild reforms. The reason vernacular Chinese was able to prevail at that time was precisely because there were discussions about abolishing Chinese characters altogether and adopting the Roman alphabet.

Later, that wall-like green barrier gradually dissipated, and the orange-yellow sunlight, like wisps of light, clear mist and streams of bright floodwater, flowed and wandered among the reeds. Each of those reeds stood bolt upright, bearing swords and shouldering halberds, like clusters of scattered yet densely packed soldiers.

[By Our Correspondent Wang Xiaoqiang] Gong Li, a peasant woman from Group 7, Dingmao Village, Bali Township, Zhuge Town, got into a bitter quarrel with her neighbor over two ducks. Overcome by a moment of despair after returning home, she hanged herself from a roof beam with a hemp rope...

Sure enough, Shoudeng had come to find the Party secretary. He told the secretary that the confiscated items in the Kiln God Temple had all been taken back by others, so he went to retrieve his pair of gauze-shaded lanterns and blue-and-white vases, but they were not there; Mihu said they had been put away. Shoudeng said, "Other people's things can be taken back, but my family's things cannot. Is there such a policy?" The secretary said, "There probably is such a policy." Shoudeng said, "Policies are all made for people like us. Fine, the books have been burned, and I don't want the lanterns anymore, but those three blue-and-white porcelain vases must be returned to me. I need them for reference when firing the kiln." The secretary said, "You've been saying for years that you want to fire blue-and-white porcelain, so why haven't you been able to do it yet?!" Shoudeng said, "I can never get the colors quite right. Besides, Baizi and Dongsheng have barely any skill, yet they control the kiln-firing and just make me do the heavy work of transporting the refractory clay." The secretary instantly grew stern, saying, "Having you transport the clay was my order. At the kiln, reform comes first, and firing porcelain comes second!" Shoudeng immediately deflated. The secretary said, "If you need to study them for reference, you can just go look at them in the Kiln God Temple." Shoudeng said, "Isn't the Cultural Revolution over already?" The secretary said, "Whether it is the Cultural Revolution or not, it's all the same for you."

"I forgot to bring back the sheep tied up in the woods," his wife said casually to Zhong Yuelou as she flusteredly put on her raincoat.

Zhang Fakui (1895–1980), courtesy name Xianghua, a native of Shixing, Guangdong, was a Kuomintang general. During the First Domestic Revolutionary War, he served as the commander of the Fourth Army of the National Revolutionary Army and participated in the Northern Expedition. In late September 1927, he led his troops from Jiangxi back to Guangzhou.

"Your father is rarely at home; these past couple of days you haven't even seen his shadow. Yet he has the heart to meddle in such idle affairs. We drink river water hauled in from outside. Who drinks well water?" Shen said bitterly.