Outside the open window of the riverside stilt house, the snowflakes grew dense, as if brushes dipped in white paste were ceaselessly brushing against it. Outside the black cloak, it grew colder and colder, the frigid air piercing my facial nerves like awls. But inside that cloak, in this black-and-white space, it was as warm as spring. She no longer gave off the scent of new rice, but was suffused with the fragrance of Milan. Milan is a flower whose scent is sweet to the point of bitterness. In my view, the black-and-white space, the stark contrast of hot and cold, plus the flower sweet to the point of bitterness—that is what is called "sex." I refused to let her disappear again, so I gripped her wrist tightly... Thus, she straightened her body, thrust her white shoulders out from the cloak, and licked her lips. Be that as it may, the second time passed as naturally as flowing water. Afterward, she knelt up on either side of me and turned around; later still, she leaned against me, and I leaned against the wall, just sitting like that. I didn't understand why simply sitting could bring me such immense satisfaction.

The patient let out a sound and then was silent. But I began to think: he is only under half-body anesthesia and he's suffering this much. When I have surgery in the future, I'll need to be fully anesthetized. How could I bear it otherwise! At this thought, I truly grew a bit frightened. I turned my face away, not daring to look at him anymore. I forced my eyes shut, trying to get a little sleep.

Braving the rapid rain like a barrage of arrows, we were driven into the windmill, the tallest building in town, which had now become a makeshift prison. Looking back now, we had plenty of opportunities to escape. Because the heavy rain quickly extinguished the torches in the hands of the civilian porter unit of the Seventeenth Regiment. The soldiers of the Seventeenth Regiment were likewise lashed by the icy rain-whips until they couldn't open their eyes; they stumbled along, barely able to look after themselves. At the front of the column, only two yellow flashlight beams guided the way. Yet, surprisingly, no one escaped. The captors and the captured were equally miserable. As we approached the dilapidated gate of the windmill, the soldiers of the Seventeenth Regiment rushed in even more eagerly than we did.

2nd. Overcast. In the morning, received four volumes of *Qianpiting Guzhuan Tushi* sent by Second Brother, mailed on the 27th. Afternoon: clear. In the afternoon, went to Guanyin Temple Street and bought a pair of shoes, one dollar and sixty cents; a box of biscuits, one dollar and forty cents. Bathed.

No one knew what he was thinking. It never even occurred to anyone that: a fool also thinks, and is also the hope of the water of life and the wave of expectation.

"Men of Letters" as Censors
Members of the Book and Magazine Censorship Committee of the Central Propaganda Committee of the Kuomintang: Xiang Deyan (General Director of the Literature and Art Section of the Central Propaganda Committee), Zhu Zishuang, Zhang Zeng, Zhan Tianpeng, Liu Mingao, Chen Wenxu, Wang Xiude.

The weir embankment was also very damp. Uncle Nine spread out a straw rain cape and let me sit on it. He was naked, the flesh on his body gleaming with a silvery light. I thought he looked magnificent, so I told him he was magnificent. He stood up proudly, stretching his arms and kicking his legs, like a silly, overgrown child.

I stepped hard on the octagonal cement block road. The deafening sound of horse hooves, the distant sound of horse hooves, seemed to rise from underground. On the damp grassland, the vegetation was lush. On the road not far away, cars of all colors linked together into a segmented dragon; I could not hear their sounds. I listened to the sound of horse hooves and ran toward the call of the thrushes.

If anyone were to take our only daughter right now and stuff her belly full of rich food, my wife would fight them to the death. But the little girl's mother, that madwoman, actually knelt down to us. She ran from the village toward the barracks, screaming mournfully. She had heard from the children who ran back that her daughter had been taken away by the Liberation Army. She called out, "Xiuxiu! Xiuxiu! My Xiuxiu!" and burst into our camp compound, crashing into our banquet. The woman was stunned, her eyes wide and round, her lips trembling. Looking at the farm director who was holding her daughter, she dropped to the ground with a thud: "Liberation Army, have mercy, give the child back to me, the child doesn't know any better, she's a fool, just like her dad, just like her dad, a fool..." Her nerves did indeed seem to be afflicted; the light of terror and despair flashing in her eyes sent chills down one's spine in waves.

There is no need to mention "Teapot Lid's" eyes and nose; her teeth alone are enough. Her teeth were white with a hint of blue, each one perfect, like porcelain and also like jade. The moment she opened her mouth, they sparkled, as if she had pearls in her mouth. The first time we saw her, we felt a sudden brightness before our eyes, all caused by her teeth. Her teeth were an important component of her radiant smile. Decades later, when people in our village mentioned her, the very first thing they would say was: that girl grew a fine set of teeth!

Wenshu was furious beside her. She ate the food but couldn't taste anything. She kept saying, "Preposterous! Preposterous! The man is already out of his mind, and they still bully him!"

Romain Rolland
See note [4] on page 430 of this volume. The quote of his here is from an inscription he wrote on July 8, 1927, printed at the front of a Käthe Kollwitz art book; the original text is in French.