The Yang Family Girl: She should have been a girl from a good family. According to the story in the Mulian opera: when she was young, both her parents died, and her aunt gave her to the Yang family as a child bride. Later, she was sold into a brothel by her mother-in-law, and eventually hanged herself. In the Mulian opera, her aria goes: "I was originally a girl from a good family, / Sold into a brothel against my will; / In life I could not bear Madam Wang's abuse, / And was forced to my death within its walls. / Alas, the bitterness! Oh, heavens! / I was forced to my death within its walls."

It was also a man with a face like this who repeatedly criticized me for having the smell of a corpse on my body; he said the smell of a corpse even seeped from between my teeth. Without a doubt, his praise intoxicated my heart. You might not know that women crave praise more than men do. Women are also more merciful than men. Since he was infatuated with my scent, why should I be stingy? You probably don't know that a woman's true scent can only be released when she is embraced and rubbed by a man, just as fine wine must be shaken to overflow with its fragrance, and flowers must be crushed to extract their essential oils. Don't pick on me for my disjointed remarks; when discussing such matters, even a national president becomes incoherent, and I am but an ordinary woman with only a middle school education. When he held me tightly, my heart was sneering coldly. When his lower body was scalding hot, I was scalding hot too, but my heart was still sneering coldly. Tu Xiaoying's crying was no match for the scent of my hair. Tu Xiaoying seemed to sense something; her crying suddenly grew louder, as if a hole had been punched through the wall, creating an unobstructed channel for sound. The mouth that had been sucking my tongue suddenly went slack, his arms died too, and his temperature began to drop. I heard the crying turn into a smug, cold sneer. She stood before me, standing behind him, thrusting out her big Russian cow-like breasts, flaunting her flaxen fake foreign hair to provoke me. I thought, I must not back down. The one I was embracing was my husband! His face was my husband's face! She shamelessly said: His body is my husband's body; she detailed his features to me as if counting the treasures in her chest. She began to pull him, tug him, and his temperature continued to drop, dropping further. I roared at her: Go to the school leaders! Even primary schoolers know your husband is already dead! His corpse has already been cut to pieces by the medical students' scalpels! No one in the school knows there is a black mole on his genitals. Do you dare to go find the principal? She stopped crying. She shivered pitifully, those two Russian-style breasts weighing heavily and bending her waist. Don't ask me why I was so vicious; there is no tenderness between women. Homosexuality? I don't understand the psychological state of homosexuals. Do not blame me. As I caressed him, I began to pity her again; dressed in black, a respected widow, departing with a grievance. I understand a woman's suffering better than any man does. He went crazy again, his temperature continuously rising; the higher his temperature rose, the more I felt that Tu Xiaoying—lying face down on the bed board, biting the bedsheet, forcing down her sobs—deserved sympathy, as if I had snatched her man. I won't lie, that is exactly what I thought at the time, even as I met his madness with my own madness, even as I met his high temperature with my own high temperature...

Chirikov (E.N. Chirikov, 1864–1932): Russian writer. He moved to Paris in 1917 and later died in Prague, Czech Republic. His works include the autobiographical novel *The Life of Tarkhanov* and the play *The Peasants*.

Twentieth. Clear. Sunday rest. Before noon, Li Shenzhai came; we went together to Xisantiao to inspect the tiles and timber, and I paid Mason Li a hundred yuan. After noon, Zipei came, but we missed each other. In the afternoon, Maruyama came. In the evening, got a haircut.

Finally, some twenty-odd dogs charged out from three dog trails. Father and the others fired a few shots; the dogs ran back, which triggered the explosion of several hand grenades.

Another urgent matter was the destruction of books associated with him. He truly had far too many writings; those slated for "destruction" included eighty-six titles of books and seven titles of stone inscriptions, all being his own works; those slated for "removal and destruction" included six titles of books, all of which were ancient texts but bore his prefaces and postfaces. Although *The Complete Collection of Elementary Learning* was merely a "compilation and commentary," it was still listed among those to be "destroyed." [122]

But I felt disappointed; I felt as though we had grown distant. We are no longer Princess Kaka and Netochka, nor are we Petya and Pavlik. Lao Wang, what are you winking and grimacing for! We now want to be close, but involuntarily we cannot. So many things cannot be said, so many things we dare not say. I can no longer say to her: Yaoyao, it would be best if you turned into a boy. Nor does she dare to say: There are no boys in my family; I'll tell my dad to take you in as my little brother. Recalling these words makes me embarrassed; they seem like the foolish things we said in childhood, things I'm even afraid to remember. Yet, recalling how intimate we were back then, it is hard to let go. I even had a very unmanly thought. That's right, Yaoyao was right: it would be better if we never grew up!