In 1997, I was sixty, and my aunt said my superiors were making me retire. Of course I didn't want to retire, but I had already worked five years past the usual retirement age, so I had no grounds to argue. The director of the health clinic—you all know him—that ungrateful little bastard, the son of Huang Pi from Hexi Village, whose real name is Huang Jun and nickname is Huang Gua. Back in the day, I was the one who dragged that little son of a bitch out of his mother's belly! He attended medical school for barely a day and a half; he can't find the heart or lungs with a stethoscope, can't find a vein for an injection, and doesn't know the *cun, guan, chi* positions when taking a pulse. He's a half-wit, yet he actually became the director! When he was applying to medical school, I was the one who put in a good word for him with Director Shen of the Health Bureau, but "once he got power, he turned his back on his benefactors." This kid doesn't know how to do anything; he only has two specialties: one is wining, dining, giving gifts, and kissing ass, and the other is seducing young virgins.

"You should go find your uncle and negotiate with him to get the property back. If he refuses, you should take him to court!" Jueying shouted angrily. He felt that someone as lovable as Zhang Bixiu shouldn't have to suffer such cruelty. Juexin didn't say anything, only let out a few sighs from the sidelines.

In the blink of an eye, the dog days of midsummer arrived. The scorching sun baked the ground until it cracked open, and wisps of white smoke steamed up from the Mo River. Zhao Shaozhong sat under the ginkgo tree in front of the door, his sweat soaking the rattan chair beneath him. Aunt Cui carried buckets of well water from the backyard and splashed them onto the boiling hot ground; he felt a wave of hot air rush straight at his face.

"Oh my, how absolutely fascinating! For the sake of preserving culture, one should not hesitate to sacrifice any material possessions—what importance do these material things hold!"

"Now, the fate of these children rests upon you! Do you want them to become crippled, only to frantically take revenge on society, or do you hope they grow up whole and become sound, well-adjusted youths?"

Tonight, Zhang Ruolan had changed into a pale-blue, lapelled Western-style gauze blouse, pale-blue silk stockings, and white sneakers; she looked younger, more vivacious, fresher, and more charming. Qin Yunyu had also changed into a lapelled Western-style sheer blouse in water-red, and the dance-style camisole underneath was faintly visible. As she walked, her full chest seemed to quiver ever so slightly beneath the camisole. On her lower half, she still wore flesh-pink silk stockings and white mid-heeled leather shoes. She looked even more glamorous.

Let us not do away with "consciousness" and "attachment"—so thinks someone as laughable as me. For unless one isolates oneself from the world to wander carefree, both the demonic nature and the Buddha nature are ultimately a kind of value system to believe in; for as long as it is not destruction, the movement of the soul and the flesh must have a direction; for apart from the fortunate few who already exclusively enjoy their bliss, I have never seen anyone without attachments—they merely differ in what they are attached to. There are those attached to love, those attached to hate, those attached to longevity, those attached to fame and achievement, those attached to seeking refuge in heaven, those attached to saving hell, and those attached to non-attachment in hopes of attaining an otherworldly, Daoist grace... Come to think of it, surely we cannot abolish the Buddha's attachment just because the demon's attachment exists; surely we cannot refuse to distinguish between good and evil just because consciousness might err, nor conflate the demon and the Buddha into one!

"Spring will naturally come, but next year's spring will not be the same as this year's," Hui said, having heard Qin's words.

Wang Tu (1557–1627)
 A native of Yaozhou, Shaanxi. Served as Vice Minister of Personnel during the Wanli era of the Ming dynasty, later reaching the position of Minister of Rites.
Li Sancai (?–1623)
, a native of Lintong, Shaanxi. Served as Governor of Fengyang during the Wanli era of the Ming dynasty, reaching the position of Minister of Revenue.
Xiang Yu (?–1645)
, a native of Wu County (present-day Jiangsu). Reached the position of Superintendent of Imperial Instruction during the Chongzhen era of the Ming dynasty. When Li Zicheng captured Beijing, Xiang surrendered.
Zhou Zhong
, a native of Jintan, Nanzhili (present-day Jiangsu). A Shujishi (Hanlin Bachelor) in the Guiwei year of the Chongzhen era of the Ming dynasty. When Li Zicheng captured Beijing, Zhou surrendered.

"Sir, I am an investigator from the provincial authorities. I ran into some bad men who robbed me of my belongings, leaving me with only a pistol. The pistol can prove that I am not a freeloader."

"Teapot Lid" was outstanding in other ways besides her good teeth. Her skin was very white and so thin it seemed it would ooze clear water if you pinched it. Her eyes were very big, and her mouth was slightly too large—our local aesthetic standards were rather classical; we liked beauties with small mouths. This was all the fault of those pingshu storytellers, who always described beauties as having "apricot eyes, peach cheeks, and a cherry mouth," even though a woman like that has never existed on Earth, and if she had, she would definitely be a monster. Her figure was also good; she had a real waist and real legs, unlike the grown girls in our village who were thick from top to bottom, each one built like a gunnysack. Recalling it now, if you forced me to find a flaw in "Teapot Lid"... I really couldn't. Some people said her mouth was a bit crooked, but I was obsessed with that crookedness of hers; one crookedness yielded a hundred charms.