Outside the open window of the riverside stilt house, the snowflakes grew dense, as if brushes dipped in white paste were ceaselessly brushing. Outside the black cloak, it grew colder and colder, the cold air piercing my facial nerves like awls. But inside the cloak, in this black-and-white space, it was as warm as spring. She no longer gave off the scent of new rice, but was suffused with the fragrance of Milan. Milan is a flower whose scent is sweet to the point of bitterness. In my view, the black-and-white space, the stark contrast of hot and cold, plus the flower that is sweet to the point of bitterness, is called "sex." I refused to let her disappear again, so I grabbed her wrist tightly... Thus, she straightened her body, thrust her white shoulders out from the cloak, and licked her lips. Be that as it may, the second time passed as naturally as flowing water. Afterward, she knelt on either side of my body and turned around; later still, she leaned against me, and I leaned against the wall, just sitting like that. I don't understand why simply sitting there gave me such immense satisfaction.

The patient let out a groan and then was silent. But I began to think: he is only under half-body anesthesia and is already in such agony. When I have my surgery in the future, I will be under general anesthesia. How could I stand that! Thinking this, I truly grew a bit frightened. I turned my face away, not daring to look at him anymore. I forced my eyes shut, trying to get a little sleep.

Braving the torrential rain like a flurry of arrows, we were driven into the windmill, the tallest building in town, which had now become a makeshift prison. Looking back now, we had many chances to escape then. Because the heavy rain quickly extinguished the torches in the hands of the civilian porters of the Seventeenth Regiment. The soldiers of the Seventeenth Regiment were likewise lashed by the icy rain-whips until they couldn't open their eyes; they stumbled about, barely able to take care of themselves. At the front of the column, only two yellow flashlight beams guided the way. Yet surprisingly, no one escaped. The captors and the captives were equally miserable. As we approached the dilapidated gate of the windmill, the soldiers of the Seventeenth Regiment rushed in even more eagerly than we did.

Second day
 Cloudy turning clear. Morning: received four volumes of *Qianpiting Guzhuan Tushi* sent by Second Brother, mailed on the 27th. Afternoon: clear. Afternoon: went to Guanyinsi Street and bought a pair of shoes, one dollar and sixty cents; a box of biscuits, one dollar and forty cents. Bathed.

No one knew what he was thinking. No one even considered: a fool also thinks, and is also the hope of the water of life and the wave of expectation.

"Men of Letters" as Censors
 Members of the Central Propaganda Committee of the Kuomintang Book and Magazine Censorship Committee are: Xiang Deyan (General Director of the Literature and Art Section of the Central Propaganda Committee), Zhu Zishuang, Zhang Zeng, Zhan Tianpeng, Liu Mingao, Chen Wenxu, Wang Xiude.

The weir embankment was also very damp. Uncle Nine spread out a straw rain cape and let me sit on it. He was naked, the flesh on his body gleaming with a silvery light. I thought he looked imposing, so I told him he looked imposing. He stood up proudly, stretching his arms and kicking his legs, like a silly big child.

I stepped hard on the octagonal concrete block road; the deafening sound of horse hooves, the distant sound of horse hooves, seemed to rise from underground. On the damp grassland, there was a profusion of plants. On the road not far away, cars of all colors linked together into a segmented dragon; I could not hear their sounds. I listened to the sound of horse hooves and ran toward the sound of thrushes.

If someone were to take our only daughter and stuff her belly with rich food right now, my wife would fight them to the death. But the little girl's mother, that madwoman, actually knelt down to us. She ran from the village toward the barracks, screaming mournfully. She had heard from the children who ran back that her daughter had been taken away by the Liberation Army. Calling out "Xiuxiu! Xiuxiu! My Xiuxiu!" she burst into our camp compound and crashed into our banquet. The woman was stunned, her eyes wide and round, her lips trembling. Looking at the farm director who was holding her daughter, she fell to her knees with a thud: "Liberation Army, have mercy, give the child back to me. The child doesn't know any better, she's a fool, just like her dad, just like her dad, a fool..." Her nerves did indeed seem to be troubled; the light of terror and despair flashing in her eyes sent chills down one's spine.

There is no need to mention "Teapot Lid's" eyes and nose; her set of teeth alone is enough. Her teeth, white tinged with blue, each one distinct, like porcelain and like jade, sparkled as soon as she opened her mouth, as if she had pearls in her mouth. When we first saw her, we felt a brightness before our eyes, entirely the doing of her teeth. Her teeth were an important component of her radiant smile. Decades later, when people in our village mentioned her, the first thing they would say is: that girl grew a fine set of teeth!

Wenshu was beside herself with anger. She ate the food but couldn't taste anything. She kept saying, "Outrageous! Outrageous! The man is already crazy, and they still bully him!"

Romain Rolland
 See note [4] on page 430 of this volume. The quote of his cited here is an inscription he wrote on July 8, 1927, printed at the front of the Käthe Kollwitz portfolio; the original text is in French.