Later, they switched to torches. It was already dawn, and the milky-white gleam of the water could be seen on the mist-shrouded river. The dozen or so horses, mules, donkeys, and oxen brought over at midnight were mixed together, crunching on sorghum stalks and chomping on sorghum heads.

As the woman reached this point, she revealed an uncontrollable agitation. Lin Zhanxin saw her lips tremble awkwardly a few times; the unfinished words were like a trapped beast caged behind her teeth, on the verge of escaping her lips.

The woman left, and Yang Liujiu watched her all the way until she reached the riverbank. As the wind blew, her clothes fluttered against her body like butterfly wings. Old Liu let out another bizarre laugh; Yang Liujiu did not dare to meet his sinister gaze, so he squatted down to pick the yellow leaves off the spinach. Having plucked only one plant, he jumped out of the shelter and blew his whistle. At the sound of the whistle, the road workers straightened their backs, dazed, and he shouted: "Half an hour break—half an hour break!" Hearing his shout, the road workers set down their shovels. Those who needed to urinate did so right where they stood; those who smoked squatted down for a smoke, and those who didn't lay down on the spot, letting the sunlight shine straight into their nostrils.

24th. Clear. In the morning, Jishi came. Luyan came. At noon, Fuyuan and Chuntai came. In the afternoon, Changhong came. Youlin came. At night, sent a letter to Ren Ziqing. Sent a letter to Tai Jingnong. Received a letter from Third Brother, sent on the 21st.

"Capturing the enemy's position, or having one's own position captured by the enemy," Zhong Yuelou mused for a moment, then added, "Of course, there are other things as well, such as wine..."

These ought to be beaten into the water first, and then beaten again; if they fall into the water themselves, it is actually perfectly fine to beat them again. But if one is too scrupulous, naturally one can refrain from beating them, though there is no need to sigh over them. If lapdogs can be tolerated, then there is hardly any need to beat other dogs; for although other dogs are quite snobbish, they still somewhat resemble wolves and possess a wild nature, and would never be so equivocal.

"That's easy enough, there will still be some at the market later. The Northeast countryside is short of everything except wild rabbits. If there really aren't any for sale, just get Li Buming from the supply and marketing cooperative to shoot a few. That guy is an absolute sharpshooter; he tucks the gun under his armpit to fire, never even aiming."

The Chinese temperament always favors compromise and middle ground. For instance, if you say this room is too dark and a window must be opened here, they will certainly not allow it. But if you advocate tearing off the roof, they will come to compromise and be willing to open a window. Without more radical proposals, they will not even consent to mild reforms. The reason the vernacular language was able to prevail back then was precisely because there were arguments advocating the abolition of Chinese characters in favor of the Roman alphabet.

Later, that wall-like green barrier gradually dissipated, and the orange-yellow sunlight, like wisps of light, clear mist and streams of bright floodwater, flowed and wandered among the reeds. Each of those reeds stood bolt upright, bearing swords and shouldering halberds, like clusters of scattered yet densely massed soldiers.

[By our correspondent Wang Xiaoqiang] Gong Li, a peasant woman from Group 7 of Dingmao Village, Bali Township, Zhuge Town, got into a bitter quarrel with her neighbor over two ducks. Returning home, she was momentarily unable to see a way out and hanged herself from a roof beam with a hemp rope...

Shoudeng had indeed come to see the Party Secretary. He told the Secretary that the confiscated items in the Kiln God Temple had all been claimed by others, so he went to retrieve his pair of gauze-shaded lanterns and blue-and-white vases, but they were not there; Mihu said they had been put away. Shoudeng asked: "Other people's things can be taken back, but my family's things cannot. Is there such a policy?" The Secretary replied: "There probably is." Shoudeng said: "Policies are all made for people like us. Fine, the books have been burned, and I don't want the lanterns anymore, but those three blue-and-white porcelain vases must be given back to me. I need them for reference when firing the kiln." The Secretary retorted: "You've been saying for years that you wanted to fire blue-and-white porcelain, so why haven't you managed it yet?!" Shoudeng said: "I can never get the colors right. Besides, Biaizi and Dongsheng have barely any skill, yet they control the kiln-firing and just make me do the heavy work of transporting clay." The Secretary instantly grew stern and said: "Having you transport clay was my order. At the kiln, reform comes first, and firing porcelain comes second!" Shoudeng immediately deflated. The Secretary added: "If you need to research and reference them, you can go look at them in the Kiln God Temple." Shoudeng said: "Isn't the Cultural Revolution over?" The Secretary replied: "Whether it is the Cultural Revolution or not, it's all the same for you."

"I forgot to bring back the sheep tethered in the woods," his wife said flatly to Zhong Yuelou as she anxiously put on her raincoat.

Zhang Fakui
(1895–1980) Courtesy name Xianghua, a native of Shixing, Guangdong, and a Kuomintang general. During the First Revolutionary Civil War, he served as the commander of the Fourth Army of the National Revolutionary Army and participated in the Northern Expedition. In late September 1927, he led his troops back to Guangzhou from Jiangxi.

"Your father is rarely home as it is, and these past two days he hasn't even shown his shadow. Yet he has the mood to busy himself with other people's business. The water we drink is river water hauled in from outside. Who drinks well water?" Shen said bitterly.