I, of course, have my own standards of good and evil now, and I do not behave worse than others. I believe that low intelligence, bigotry, and intellectual poverty are the greatest evils. By this standard, when others say I am most kind, that is when I am most evil; when others say I am most evil, that is when I am most kind. Of course, I do not wish to recommend this standard to others, but I believe that intelligent, open-minded, and knowledgeable people are more trustworthy than others. Based on this belief, I think our country lost many opportunities after "ousting the hundred schools of thought and venerating Confucianism alone."

"Come in, Little Shuan!" Old Mrs. Hua called Little Shuan into the inner room, placed a bench in the middle, and Little Shuan sat down. His mother brought over a small dish of something round and pitch-black, and said softly:

There is another piece, sent out today, but I combined two sections under one title: *Five Minutes and Half a Year*. How splendid that is.

But many scenes passed quickly. I still sit in this lonely room. On the desk lies a letter from my father. On the stationery, his aged and haggard face seems to appear.

19th
Rain. Morning: went to the Higher Normal School to lecture. Afternoon: high winds. Went to the University to lecture. Received salary for the second half of April and the whole of May from the University, totaling twenty-seven yuan. Afternoon: received a letter from Sun Fuyuan, replied immediately. Hesen came to visit, but we missed each other.

"I only have this life," Mei said coldly, though her voice was actually quite miserable. She quickly covered her face with her hands; her thoughts gradually blurred, and before her eyes was a vast expanse of white water, rolling continuously, endlessly, truly boundless.

Spirit rain sprinkles the palace altars. Fragrant trees cluster at the shrines of the old mountain. Sacred crows fly near and return through the blue clouds. Embroidered banners and pearl pendants tinkle. A jade zither is played at dusk to the tune of the Xiang River. In mist-like silk, the fairy attendants are like jade. Fragrant sweet wine is secretly poured into the blue ripples. The frost-kissed oranges of Dongting are newly ripe.

Juexin saw the doctor out and went back inside. As he walked to the window of his own room, he ran into Juemin coming out of the corridor. Seeing Juemin, he asked with concern, "Has there been any change?"

The old man also said, I didn't make this up to kiss anyone's ass: when that lady was sent to the Jiaofangsi, she couldn't sing, so they made her learn to dance. Whoever came up with this idea must have had an incredible sense of humor. In the dead of winter, she wore the costume for the Dance of the Rainbow and Feather Garments and danced solo in the open space in front of the Jiaofangsi; the sight was truly spectacular. Through her transparent clothes, you could see her breasts, dark, thick, and sagging, swinging back and forth like a pair of ox tongues. People rushed from all over the city to watch the spectacle, but unfortunately, it didn't last long. It turned out that because she couldn't dance well, they didn't give her any food, and coupled with the beatings, it wasn't long before she died stiff as a board.

Suxi stretched out a limp hand and waved it, stopping them; after a long while, she squeezed out a sentence: "I want to go home!" Mahendra asked, "What is your home phone number? Do you want to call someone to pick you up?" Suxi shook her head, wiped her tears, and said, "I was planning to go back just now. I prepared to go down the mountain to make a phone call or call a car. But then I thought: no, I can't... my mother... has been exhausted for my sake these past few days... now that things have finally settled down, shouldn't I let her rest for a night?... My poor mother, how will I tell her?" A quick-tongued student chimed in and asked, "Mr. Amberton, he..." Suxi shrieked, "Don't mention his name!" An arts student wearing tortoiseshell-framed glasses sighed coldly, "The more sanctimonious a person is, the more dissolute their private life. I've long felt that Amberton is too proper; I was afraid he might develop a perverted psychology." A few younger boys asked questions in a babble of voices but were driven out by the older ones, who said they weren't qualified to be privy to such matters. A football hero stood with hands on his hips and said righteously, "Mrs. Amberton, we'll accompany you to see the principal, and we'll make sure he can't stay in Hong Kong!" Everyone clamored, "Such a man, how is he fit to be our professor, or our housemaster!" They all egged Suxi on, wanting to go find the principal immediately. It was still the arts student who was more thoughtful, saying, "In the middle of the night, if we wake the old man up, even if he is too embarrassed to lose his temper out of respect for the lady, he definitely won't be very enthusiastic about helping. I think we should wait a few more hours. Mrs. Amberton can rest in this room, and Mahendra can go sleep in my room." The sports hero frowned and whispered to him, "Leaving her alone here isn't very appropriate; looking at her state, she's been deeply traumatized. We can't give her a chance to take her own life."