Qin still came to the Gao house often. She came even more frequently now, almost every other day. However, she usually went home as soon as it got dark; if Mrs. Zhang also came to the Gao house to play cards, she could wait until the second watch to return with her mother. Qin spent more time with Shuying. But they also had time to play with Shuhua, Shuzhen, and the others. Sometimes, these sisters would even arrange to bring Yun over to row boats and have picnics in the garden. Whenever Yun came, she added even more laughter to this group of young girls. Yun learned to row boats from Shuhua and borrowed translated novels from Shuying. She often smiled innocently, and her smile even brought a faint smile to Shuzhen's lips. Qin secretly guided and cared for them like an older sister. Qin tried her best to maintain an atmosphere of peace and joy among them. But when they talked about Hui, even Qin would fall into a gloomy silence. At such times, Yun would hide her dimples, knit her brows tightly, and pout angrily. At such times, Shuying's clear eyes would once again be overshadowed by dark clouds. They could only express a little sympathy and indignation for Hui's fate, but they could not alleviate her suffering in the slightest. Whenever Hui was mentioned, Qin and the Shu sisters longed to see her, especially after learning that she had recently recovered from an illness; they hoped she could be with them, talking, laughing, and playing as before. It was not an easy task to invite Hui to the Gao house. Hui had personally told Juexin that she could not make her own decisions. However, the hearts of the young are often unafraid of difficulties. They tried every possible method and asked Mrs. Zhou and Juexin for help, and finally managed to invite Hui over. How excited and overjoyed these girls were the day before when Juexin broke the good news to them in advance.

The weather has warmed up recently, and it is just about tolerable for writing. Taking stock of Song dynasty miscellaneous notes, there are still over twenty kinds of *cihua* (notes on ci poetry) that have not been copied out, and even more un-copied anecdotes regarding metal and stone inscriptions; I must make a concerted effort to complete these this year. The poems written before the Liberation should also be polished this year and compiled into a definitive edition. In my sixtieth year, this matter cannot be delayed. (February 23, 1963, page 49)

Zhou Bapi put on an imposing air and lectured the farmhands. He said: I, Zhou Bapi, have no hobbies in my life; I just like watching others bend their backs to work for me. As for what kind of work to do and to what extent it is considered well done, you all have eyes, so just figure it out yourselves. You might ask, when to start work and when to finish work; this actually puts me in a difficult position. If I were to give each of you an Omega watch, I might as well go work in the fields myself. Listen up, you can stop working as soon as it gets dark. When I say dark, I don't mean when the sun sets, but when you stand together and can't see each other's faces clearly, then you can stop working and go home. So what about starting work? Your little brains might think, since finishing work is when it's dark, starting work must be when it's dawn, right? You're wrong; I, Zhou Bapi, am not that stupid. In winter, dawn comes late; in summer, dawn comes early. If it's cloudy or rainy, even at six or seven in the morning, the sky is still as dark as the bottom of a pot. I tell you truthfully, don't worry about whether it's dawn or dark; as long as you hear the roosters crowing in the village, you can get up and go to the fields... After saying this, Zhou Bapi's silhouette flashed, and he went back to his room to sleep soundly.

In the early Qing dynasty, Huang Yuxi compiled the books of the Ming dynasty into the *Qianqingtang Shumu* (Catalogue of the Qianqing Hall). In its thirty-second volume, under the category of ci and qu poetry in the collection section, there is the *Yuefu Huncheng Ji* in one hundred and five volumes, which must be the one recorded by Zhou Mi and seen by Wang Jide. The one hundred and five volumes also match Zhou Mi's mention of "over a hundred massive volumes," which shows that the printed edition of this book still existed in its entirety during the Ming dynasty. Both Wang and Huang called it *Huncheng Ji*; the printed edition must have been titled thus. Therefore, the version written as "Huncheng" [混成] is suspected to be a slip of the pen by Zhou Mi. The proper title of the entire book should be *Yuefu Huncheng Ji*, with an alternative title *Yuefu Daquan*; the meaning of "huncheng" is the same as "daquan" (comprehensive). This book is not found in the bibliographic records of the Qing dynasty, nor has anyone ever cited it; it probably perished during the Ming-Qing transition.